The Plan
Version 0
0.1	A. Setup a basic Client server
	- Connect 		<- done
	- Accept 		<- done
	- Send Messages		<- done
	- Recieve messages 	<- done
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.2 	A. Make a GUI.
	- Design layout
	- Find cross-platform library (GTK?)
	- program in support for all features
	- Make user page!
	B. Write code to support windows
	- Make more crossplatform. 
	- Fix any bugs, make it more effiecent
	- Maybe add thread pools. Change from a array to other data structure.
	C. Add Security
	- Encryption (RSA, one touch pads, etc)
	- Hashing
	- Research existing Security libraries.
	D. Research getting around NAT
	- Hole punching?
	- Preferably alternatives that don't require a third party server.
	- Try to implement
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.3	A. Make a phone app that DSN forwards data too.
	- make a versatile communication format. 
	- Code a simple app that can communicate with the DSN
	B. Create installer
	- Package all dependencies.
	C. Transfer media
	- Support the transfer of different picture formats. Add Picture viewer.
	- Support the transfer of simple movie formats. Movie viewer
	- Alternatively find libraries to do this.
	D. Implement ways to get arround different NAT setups.
	- We all love/hate NAT's.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.4	A. Create a search person server 
	- Make a versatile communication format. (We are not the NSA).
	- Code a simple server program that can communicate with the DSN.
	- Perhaps add a NAT hole punching service?
	B. Get User input. 
	- Test. Fix.
	C. Fix all the Bugs!
	- Even the funny bugs. 
	D. Add funny documentation.
	- It must be funny!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
0.5 ??? 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 1:
1.0 Created new road map for future features
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.1	A. Create Completely customizable layout generator.
	?
